Initial critical processes folder and components (#13)
prenda-school/prenda-school.github.io: docs/CriticalProcesses/import.mdx

# Import Process

### Introduction

A brief overview of the purpose and scope of the documentation.

### Process Overview

A high-level description of the critical software process, including its goals, inputs, outputs, and key players involved.

### Detailed Steps

> A step-by-step guide of the process, including all the necessary actions, decision points, and inputs/outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A step-by-step guide of the process, including all the necessary actions, decision points, and connections.
```
